# The People's Score Card

##Idea
>A website that keeps track of a current fight's score that the user is watching and then allows the user to score the fight how they see fit. The website will take the score that the user had submitted and then compares it to an average of every other user's score.
##Motivation
> The reason I would make this website is to allow everyone to input their own opinion on the fight to see if my view was biased or if everyone else is in agreeance. I want a platform that will be more streamlined towards the viewers of the product of fighting as opposed to just some professionals with credentials that are sometimes suspect. The point is to make a website that is for the people and scored by the people who watch and enjoy following along on their own.
##Application
>The point of the website is to get people to interact with other people about a fight and in some ways hold the judges scoring the fight accountable for the scores that they submit themselves. It all stems from certain judges not doing their job well and the public then sees the fighters lose with little to no explanation why. So, for me, I feel that it will allow other users to interact and see how everyone else feels the fight went, instead of being confused on how someone lost and/or won a fight.
##Reflection
>Now looking back on the semester and everything I've done with the homework and project in general is that this is not easy work. My understanding was that we as a class would just set up a little website like I had done in the other web development class. Where we all do some work and talk about what the best practices are but being thrown into the fire and only learning by messing up has taught me so much more. I could not imagine if I had gotten behind on homework and tried to just do the project I would not even know where to start. In this project the user does not have the ability to access their information at this time. I gave it a good try but I cannot seem to figure it out. But the rest of what is required is included and all hooked up to the database.
##Future
>The website in its basic form is only set up for one game which has three rounds and is currently limited to Mixed Martial Arts only. For this product to be complete, the system needs to support all types of round styles and lengths. That means there are three five-minute rounds, five five-minute rounds, two 10-minute rounds. The database needs to monitor and keep track of the different types of fights and the different types of rounds and alternative minute options. The solution to this complexity is more time and expertise to correctly set up a dynamic page that would allow the user to score any fight of any length from the scorecard page.
